Update: added ignoreExpressions option to max-classes-per-file (#15000)
eslint/eslint: docs/rules/max-classes-per-file.md

## Options

> This rule may take in either an object or a number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule may be configured with either an object or a number.
```

If the option is an object, it may contain one or both of:

-   `ignoreExpressions`: a boolean option (defaulted to `false`) to ignore class expressions.

> -   `maximum`: a numeric option (defaulted to 1) to specify the maximum number of classes.

Reviewer: We generally use “max” for this purpose in other rules, so good to be consistent. 

```suggestion
-   `max`: a numeric option (defaulted to 1) to specify the maximum number of classes.
```

}
```

```json
{
    "max-classes-per-file": [
        "error",

>         { "ignoreExpressions": true, "maximum": 2 }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        { "ignoreExpressions": true, "max": 2 }
```

    ]
}
```

> Examples of **correct** code for this rule with the `maximum` option set to `2`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples of **correct** code for this rule with the `max` option set to `2`:
```
